Third Person OLD


Alec McClure is a Brooklyn-based new media artist and designer. A recent MFA graduate of Parsons' Design and Technology program, Alec has primarily focused his energy on using code as a manifestation of his internal dialectic. He is also an advocate for Linux and open-source platforms.  Before coming to Parsons, Alec worked as a photographer, his work being featured in a number of publications, including Dwell and HASH magazine(s), as well as releasing 2 books of urban photography. &nbsp;In addition to his creative practice, he has a thing for numbers, having worked as a research analyst specializing in demographic analysis for broadcast television and the US Department of Commerce.






First Person


I make art, design and code unique experiences, capture photographs, and teach creative coding. I love identifying and solving significant technical and creative problems with well-reasoned, novel solutions.


Visually, I’m captivated by geometry, dramatic contrast, implied structure, beautiful light and first-person perspective.


Conceptually, I’m driven by a persistent internal dialectic, questions of translation and dimensionality (subjective/objective, physical/virtual), and skepticism in conflict with the desire for ultimate clarity.


Professionally, I thrive on working in both design and development, following projects from conception to completion. I’ve also taught graduate-level coding courses, held workshops on VR and games, had my work exhibited at NYC Media Lab’s Annual Summit and SXSW, and hold an MFA in Design and Technology from Parsons School of Design.


If you’re also passionate about good design, fresh ideas and constant evolution, and have any projects you’d like to collaborate on, I’d love to hear from you.








LinkedIn:


Offering a unique perspective as both designer and developer, I'm capable of following projects from conception to completion. Identifying and resolving significant technical and creative problems with well-reasoned, novel solutions is what drives me in everything I do. I make unknowns known and network disparate elements while doing so.  


My diverse skill set, including my background in photography and market research analysis, should prove invaluable to any team that cares about good design, fresh ideas and constant evolution.  I've also taught graduate-level coding courses, held workshops on VR and games, and exhibited my work at NYC Media Lab's Annual Summit and SXSW.  I hold an MFA in Design and Technology from Parsons School for Design.


If you’re also passionate about thought-provoking design and have any projects you’d like to collaborate on, I’d love to hear from you.






NEW 10/14/15 for ASST PROF:


Alec McClure is a Brooklyn-based new media artist, designer, photographer and educator that focuses on the creation of immersive visual media.  Examining and expressing existential absurdity through the use of interactive media and emerging technologies, Alec seeks to raise questions about our sensorial experience of the world.  


Recent works have included the use of virtual and augmented reality technologies, such as the Oculus Rift.  Many have received press and been shown internationally at venues such as NUMA-Paris, the NYC Media Lab Summit and SxSW.


Alec holds an MFA in Design and Technology from Parsons School of Design and is an Assistant Professor of Game Design at Hostos Community College of the City University of New York.  Additional information can be found at www.alecmcclure.com.


